feat(solid): add support for devtools (#10937)
withastro/astro: .changeset/olive-bags-drive.md

---
"@astrojs/solid-js": minor
---

Adds a `devtools` option

> Enabling `devtools` will enable the [official Solid Devtools](https://github.com/thetarnav/solid-devtools) in development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the [official Solid Devtools](https://github.com/thetarnav/solid-devtools) while working in development mode by setting `devtools:true` in your `solid()` integration config:
```

Author: Thanks! We'll do the since thing don't worry

> You can enable the [official Solid Devtools](https://github.com/thetarnav/solid-devtools) while working in development mode by setting `devtools:true` in your `solid()` integration config:

Reviewer 2: I think we should also document that you need to install `solid-devtools` too (and in the docs)

Author: You're right, I'm adding it!
